HTML Editor: update Markdown Support demo description (#28429)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/HtmlEditor/MarkdownSupport/description.md

> DevExtreme HTML Editor outputs the markup in HTML format. To convert the output to Markdown, use the [unified](https://github.com/unifiedjs/unified) plugin library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevExtreme HTML Editor uses HTML markup to format its document content. This demo module converts content to Markdown with the help of the [unified](https://github.com/unifiedjs/unified) plugin library.
```

> HTML Editor includes a [converter](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/converter/) option. Define the converter with [toHtml](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/converter/#toHtml) and [fromHtml](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/converter/#fromHtml) functions and assign it to the converter property, as shown in this demo.

Reviewer: I'm trying to minimize repetition, and also finalizing the description with something users can do in this demo. 
 
```suggestion
The code sets the the editor's [converter](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/converter/) property to an object that implements two functions: [toHtml](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/converter/#toHtml) and [fromHtml](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/converter/#fromHtml). 

Try to edit or format text in the HTML Editor control and see how the Markdown Preview section reflects those changes. 
```
